Docs: create contributing (#243)
gladiaio/gladia: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to Gladia  
  

> First of all thank you for considering contributing to Gladia :raised_hands: . It's important to us that the community is integrate within the relfexion of the product and it's because people like you that we can do that, so thank you :heart:.

Author: ```suggestion
First of all thank you for considering contributing to Gladia :raised_hands: . It's important to us that the community is included within the product lifecycle and it is thanks to people like you that we reach this objective, so we are grateful and we appreciate it :heart:.
```

> All types of contributions are encouraged and valued, you can find how to contribute to Gladia and what you need to know before contributing in the [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents). Those are a set of guidelines for contributing not rules so feel free to propose any change regarding this file. We are eager to see your contributions 🎉.

Author: ```suggestion
All types of contributions are encouraged and valued, you can find how to contribute to Gladia and what you need to know before contributing in the [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents). Those are a set of guidelines for contributing, not rules. So feel free to propose any change regarding this file. We are eager to see your contributions 🎉.
```

## Table of Contents  
  
- [Things to know before starting](##Things-to-know-before-starting)
	- [Code of Conduct](###Code-of-Conduct)
	- [Coding conventions](###Coding-conventions)
	- [How to test the project](###How-to-test-the-projects)
- [How can I contribute?](##How-can-I-contribute?)
	- [Your first bug report](###Your-first-bug-report)
	- [Your first feature request](###Your-first-feature-request)
	- [Your first pull request](###Your-first-pull-request)
- [FAQ](##FAQ)

## Things to know before starting
Read the README.md to know how to launch the project and its documentation.

### Code of Conduct

> We currently do not have written a code of conduct, we ask you to follow your good judgment.

Author: ```suggestion
We currently do not have a written code of conduct, we ask you to follow your good judgment.
```

### Coding conventions
We currently follow the [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) convention, please do the same 🙂.

### How to test the project

> You will find unit-tests in the `unit-test` folder, to test the project simply write `python test.py` and verify that every test succeeded.

Author: ```suggestion
You will find unit-tests in the `unit-test` folder. In order to test the project simply write `python test.py` and check that every test succeeds.
```

## How can I contribute?

> There are three way to contribute to GladIA:

Author: ```suggestion
There are three ways to contribute to GladIA:
```

1. By [submiting a bug report](###Your-first-bug-report)
2. By [submiting a feature request](####Your-first-feature-request)
3. By [submiting a pull request](####Your-first-pull-request) addressing an issue

### Your first bug report

> This section describes how to write and submit a bug report, this includes crashs, memory leaks or any unexpected behaviours.

Author: ```suggestion
This section describes how to write and submit a bug report. This includes crashes, memory leaks or any unexpected behaviours.
```

#### What do I need to check before submitting my issue?
 * You use the latest version of Gladia
 * You have all the correct dependencies

>  * The issue doesn't already exists

Author: ```suggestion
 * The issue doesn't already exist
```

 * Can you reliably reproduce the issue?

#### How to write a great issue report?

We use GitHub issues to track bugs and errors. If you run into an issue with the project:

- Open an [Issue](http://github.com/gladiaio/gladia/issues/new).
- Explain the behavior you would expect and the actual behavior. 
- Describe the *reproduction steps* that someone else can follow to recreate the issue on their own.

> A good way to know if your issue is well discribed is to ask yourself "using the provided informations and only the provided informations, am I able to reproduce the behaviour and know why there is a bug?". If the answer is no, that mean you need to be more precise regarding how to reproduce the behaviour and what to expect.

Author: ```suggestion
A good way to know if your issue is well described is to ask yourself "using the provided informations and only the provided informations, am I able to reproduce the behaviour and know why there is a bug?". If the answer is no, that mean you need to be more specific regarding how to reproduce the behaviour and what to expect.
```

> Once it's filed a team member will try to reproduce the issue with your provided steps and add it to our backlog until one of our member is able to take care of it or a community member want to fix it.

Author: ```suggestion
Once it's filed, a team member will try to reproduce the issue with your provided steps and add it to our backlog until one of our member is able to take care of it or a community member wants to fix it.
```

### Your first feature request

> If you consider  submitting an enhancement suggestion for Gladia, wether is for a completely new features or minor improvements, this section is for you!

Author: ```suggestion
If you consider submitting an enhancement suggestion for Gladia, whether it is for a brand new feature or for a minor improvement, this section is for you!
```

#### What should I do before submitting my feature request?
  
- Be sure that the feature doesn't already exist 🙂.
- Check wether the feature has already been requested.
  
#### How do I write a great feature request?  
  
As for bug reports, feature requests are tracked as [GitHub issues](http://github.com/gladiaio/gladia/issues).  
  
  - Open an [Issue](http://github.com/gladiaio/gladia/issues/new) with a clear and descriptive title.
  - Write what feature would you like to see integrated in GladIA
  - Precise why would this be useful to have this feature included
  - Imagine and write a workaround that we could do without this feature

> - Use a **clear and descriptive title** for the issue to identify the suggestion.  

Author: This is redondant with the first bullet point right ? 
Also, indentation is not at the same level as the above list

Reviewer: You're write, removing it

### Your first pull request

> When contributing to this project, you must agree that you have authored 100% of the content, that you have the necessary rights to the content and that the content you contribute may be provided under the project license.  

> Before submiting are considering creating any pull request, please create first an issue related to this PR. Creating an issue will ensure that your pull request is indeed a great contribution to GladIA 😉 Then you can write on the associated issue that you would like to create the associated PR, we will assign this issue to you avoiding another people to do the job twice.

Author: ```suggestion
Before submitting or considering creating any pull request, please create first an issue related to this PR. Creating an issue will ensure that your pull request is indeed a great contribution to GladIA 😉 Then you can write on the associated issue that you would like to create the associated PR, we will assign this issue to you to avoid anyone doing the job twice.
```

> If your pull request is related to a new feature do not forget to include UTs/FTs. Any new feature must be paired with its associated tests. 

Author: ```suggestion
If your pull request is related to a new feature, please do not forget to include UTs/FTs. Any new feature must be paired with its associated tests. 
```
